.\" manpage for muondetector-gui
.\" Contact marvin.peter@physik.uni-giessen.de to correct errors or typos
.TH "muondetector-daemon" "1" "March 3, 2020" "v 1.1.1" "muondetector manpage"
.SH "NAME"
muondetector-daemon - daemon for muondetector board
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B muondetector-daemon [options] <device-location>
.br
Starts the daemon.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B muondetector-daemon
.
.br
The daemon is intended to run in the background and manage all communications
between the muondetector hat (the board that is put on the raspberry pi).
Features are communication with a ublox gps chip via serial connection
and with a variety of components via i2c.
To read the gpio pins it uses the 'pigpiod' library. It is required to start
the pigpio-daemon first ('sudo pigpiod [-s 1]') to enable all functionalities
of the daemon.
The daemon will listen for incoming connections on a dedicated tcp port.
A gui can be used to show live monitoring of the muondetector hat components
from any device inside the network.
.PP
Both programs are part of a science project for measuring cosmic particles
(muons) at a relatively low cost, using a raspberry-pi, silicon photomultipliers
("SiPM"s) and our own creation of a raspberry pi HAT (module to stick on top of the
pi, i.e. a shield).
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fP
Displays a help page.
.TP
\fB-v, --version\fP
Displays version information.
.TP
\fB-p\fP
Enable bias voltage at start.
.TP
\fB-c\fP
Set default configuration for ublox message cycles.
.TP
\fB-g, --gain\fP
Set default gain: high gain.
.TP
\fB--pre1, --preamp1\fP
Enable pre-amplifier 1.
.TP
\fB--pre2, --preamp2\fP
Enable pre-amplifier 2.
.TP
\fB-d\fP
Show raw NMEA messages (those are not used by the program).
.TP
\fB--showout, --showoutgoing\fP
Show outgoing ubx messages as hex.
.TP
\fB--shouin, --showincoming\fP
Show incoming ubx messages as hex.
.TP
\fB-e, --verbose <verbosity>\fP
Set verbosity level.
.TP
\fB-b <baudrate>\fP
Set baudrate for ublox serial connection.
.TP
\fB--peer, --peerAddress <peerAddress>\fP
Set file server ipv4 address.
.TP
\fB--pp, --peerPort <peerPort>\fP
Set file server port.
.TP
\fB--server, --daemonAddress <daemonAddress>\fP
Set ipv4 address for incoming connection from gui program. (default: localhost)
.TP
\fB--dp, --daemonPort <daemonPort>\fP
Set port for incoming connection from gui program. (default: 51508)
.TP
\fB--th1, --discr1, --thresh1 <threshold1>\fP
.TP
\fB--th2, --discr2, --thresh2 <threshold2>\fP
.TP
\fB--bias, --vout <bias voltage>\fP
Set bias output voltage value.
.TP
\fB--pca, --signal <channel>\fP
Set input signal for ublox interrupt pin:
.br
0 - coincidence (AND)
.br
1 - anti-coincidence (XOR)
.br
2 - discr 1
.br
3 - discr 2
.TP
\fB-t, --trigger <trigger>\fP
Set event (trigger) signal input:
.br
0 - coincidence (AND)
.br
1 - anti-coincidence (XOR)
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Default
.SH "BUGS"
No known bugs.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Marvin Peter <marvin.peter@physik.uni-giessen.de>
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
License: GPL-3.0+
.PP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This package is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License version 3 can be found in "/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3".
