.\" manpage for muondetector-gui
.\" Contact marvin.peter@physik.uni-giessen.de to correct errors or typos
.TH "muondetector-gui" "1" "March 3, 2020" "v 1.1.1" "muondetector-gui manpage"
.SH "NAME"
muondetector-gui - gui for muondetector-daemon
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B muondetector-gui
.br
Opens the gui.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B muondetector-gui
works only in combination with 
.B muondetector-daemon
.
.br
The gui connects via unencrypted (!) tcp to the daemon. It can be used to
change settings of the daemon and start/stop measurements as well as 
displaying coordinates on a qml based map plugin.
.PP
Both programs are part of a science project for measuring cosmic particles 
(muons) at a relatively low cost, using a raspberry-pi, silicon photomultipliers
("SiPM"s) and our own creation of a raspberry pi HAT (module to stick on top of the
pi, i.e. a shield).
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
There are currently no options.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Default
.SH "BUGS"
No known bugs.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Marvin Peter <marvin.peter@physik.uni-giessen.de>
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
License: GPL-3.0+
.PP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This package is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License version 3 can be found in "/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3".
